    Added missing newlines. Clarified that for the assignment-2 one may work with local repositories, and that there's absolutely no necessity to use external APIs or libraries, and such.
    List of assignments for the rest of the semester!
    The first version: converting series of headers to a row in a big table. Each row is for now represented by a Python dictionary. Need to write this to a simple text table so we can import it as a DataFrame in Pandas.
    Changed the string used to separate each header block. Using a shorter one reduces the file size by a substantial amount.
    Rough cut of the mktabl program. Incomplete, in the sense that headers spanning multiple lines are not handled. Otherwise, produces correct output for one line header-lines. Needs some more work.
    Ported the solution to Python 3.5.2, and ensured that everything is compatible with 2.7.x.
    Fixed an important bug! 'gmr.py' was eating initial two letters from the name of the recipient!
    Dot plot and a stacked-dot plot of US ozone concentration in the air.
    The text version of the FBI data.
    Changed the way we plot values. The values are plotted in the ascending order. Y axis ticks are also labeled per the ascending order.
    A quick and dirty way to sort on frequency of emails sent/recieved and print the result. Uses some simple tricks to elide email ids, etc.
    Fixed a rendering bug. The first offense ('murder') was not appearing on the y-axis. Fixed it by properly setting  the y-axis limits and ticks linearly spaced.
    for the first time drew custom axis spines with labels.
    Gender crime pattern. Plotted the graph of data from 2014.
    The amazing science of computing quantile and plotting them!
    Added examples to develop the mental-model of dataframes.
    A bunch of code snippets that help build a mental-model of matplotlib basics.
    Made data transformation explicit. Added a few comments.
    Used a better name for the variable: changed vline to hline. Changed the default to draw plot on the screen rather than save images.
    Google GMail archive scanners. Collect simple data - senders and receiver frequencies.
    Refactored the code. The figure background is set to white color.
    How to draw an interval graph?
    Renamed source file: make-data --> make_data. I was passing an array of array of indices in make_stat.py. Changed it to an array of indices.
    Lecture slide deck for grammar of graphics data and variables.
    Created a table of statistics. Fixed import bug in the 'read_data' program.
    Read in the data - pandas.DataFrame.
    A cool program to create csv files containing the responses of men and women.
    Slide deck: Introduction to Grammar of Graphics. Life of Tukey + Tukey: Future of Data Analysis + Brief History of S.
    Added (1)Chartjunk debate and (2)Interactive analytics; both by Stephen Few.
    Added an interesting paper titled 'Ten Simple Rules for Better Visualization' by Nicolas Rougier and others.
